Grocery List
My third coding project for CS-210.

	The programming for project three allows the company to provide a list of the items purchased and print them in numerous ways. The program takes in a list of items and allows you to do three different print functions with the list. The first option is searching for a specific item and receiving a printout of the item and amount bought that day. The second option is to print all items followed by their respective numbers. Last but not least is the third option which allows the user to print a histogram of said items. 
	I believe I implemented the basics of the overall program efficiently while properly using a class and map which were fairly new subjects at the time. I still have so much room for enhancement though. Implementing a more user-friendly input validation would be my next step. This would allow for fewer mistakes when the user is looking for specific things. The program's overall functionality would be advanced as there would be fewer errors if a user attempts to enter a letter or word instead of the prompted numbers. 
	The most challenging portion of the code was the map. I was fairly unfamiliar with maps but took a chance based on a recommendation in the rubric. To overcome this new challenge, I utilized the Zybook materials and the 24/7 drop-in tutors for much-needed assistance. I will be adding these resources for future assignments and struggles.  
	Throughout this course, I was able to learn several useful tips and tricks. Learning C++ has been an amazing experience and overall learning curve in my experience. I intend to use the knowledge from this course to further advance my programming skills. I hope to use these skills in future classes and my creation of a game in the future. After taking this course I used my knowledge to create comments and follow proper guidelines and coding etiquette. With this, I was able to make the code readable and easy to navigate. 
